# My Bookshelf
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description:I created "My Bookshelf", a web app that allows you to keep track of the books you've read and search them by purpose. There are two reasons for creating this web app. First, I like to read books, and I wanted to easily record what I read. Not all the books you read are at hand. After I finish reading the book, I sometimes sell it or give it to a friend. The second is to increase the effect of reading by verbalizing why you read this book and what you gained, rather than just reading the book. Through this web application, I want you to feel the sense of accomplishment of reading a lot of books and the importance of reading.

####Let's take a closer look at the features. First of all, there is a page to write the title of the book, the purpose of reading this book, impressions, notes, and evaluation of the book, and you must fill in the title, purpose, and evaluation of the book. You can't save until you can fill in these three. After successfully registering, you can see something like a book on Home with the title of the book and an asterisk indicating its rating. At first glance, it looks like there are only book titles and stars. Don’t worry. When you tap the title of the book, the purpose and impressions you wrote will be displayed. Also, you can edit it with the edit button below it, and delete the book you registered by mistake with the delete button. There is also a search bar at the top. If you want to study algorithms, type the word algorithm into the search bar. Then, a book with the word "algorithm" in the target column will be displayed.
